create-rss-app/README.md, before:

# Create Rss App

<img alt="I'm lazy" align="right" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57856125/125196023-e912e700-e260-11eb-9190-459a60a17aad.png" width="20%" />

CLI for create simple JS or TS project without webpack configuration

Easiest way to start use modules in your js app

## Quick start
```sh
npx create-rss-app my-app
cd my-app
npm start
```

## NPM Scripts
+ `npm start` - Starts the development server.
+ `npm run build` - Boundles your app into static files for deployment.

## About webpack configuration
This package use webpack with simpliest configuration.
+ You should place your source files to `src` folder in project directory. Includes styles, images, etc..
+ `src` folder should contains `index.html`
+ `src` folder should contains `index.js` or `index.ts` scripts - it will be entry point to your app.
+ If you want to use css files, you should add <link> tag to index.html. But you don't need add links for script files.
+ If you want to use scss or sass pre-processor - you should import this files into your scripts, like `import 'styles.scss';`
+ When you run `npm run build`, project bundle will be created in `dist` directory.

## Configs
You can use `--configs` of `-c` flags if you want to add webpack config to your project directory. It will give you more control.
```sh
npx create-rss-app my-app --configs
```

## TypeScript
This package use typescript compiller by default and you can code your app with both languages - JS and TS.

But if you want to code with TS (and don't want to eject configs) - you can use flags `--typescript` or `-ts` for add tsconfig.json to your project directory.
```sh
npx create-rss-app my-app -ts
```

Commit message:

docs: update create-rss-app readme

create-rss-app/README.md, after:

# Create Rss App

<img alt="I'm lazy" align="right" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57856125/125196023-e912e700-e260-11eb-9190-459a60a17aad.png" width="20%" />

CLI for create simple JS or TS project without webpack configuration

Easiest way to start use modules in your js app

## Quick start
```sh
npx create-rss-app my-app
cd my-app
npm start
```

## NPM Scripts
+ `npm start` - Starts the development server.
+ `npm run build` - Boundles your app into static files for deployment.
--------------

## About webpack configuration
This package use webpack with simpliest configuration.
+ You should place your source files to `src` folder in project directory. Includes styles, images, etc..
+ `src` folder should contains `index.html`
+ `src` folder should contains `index.js` (or `index.ts` if TypeScript is used) - it will be entry point to your app.
+ If you want to use css files, you should add &lt;link> tag to index.html. But you don't need add links for script files.
+ If you want to use scss or sass pre-processor - you should import this files into your scripts, like `import 'styles.scss';`. **But**, if your styles file and html have a same name (like `index.html` and `index.scss`), &lt;link> tag will be added to html automatically, you don't need to use import in js.
+ When you run `npm run build`, project bundle will be created in `dist` directory.
--------------

## Options 
You can configure options by using different flags.

### Add configs
You can use `--configs` of `-c` flags if you want to add webpack config to your project directory. It will give you more control.
```sh
npx create-rss-app my-app --configs
```

### Use TypeScript
This package use typescript compiller by default and you can code your app with both languages - JS and TS.

But if you want to code with TS (and don't want to eject configs) - you can use flags `--typescript` or `-ts` for add tsconfig.json to your project directory.
```sh
npx create-rss-app my-app -ts
```
### Boilerplate
By default, create-rss-app add simple example of html, css and js files to your project, if there are not exists. But, if you don't need it, use the flag `--empty`.
